Three months later...

Poor Mylo. It seems
twibbles breed at a faster
rate than he
expected--they've overrun
the entire planet!  Due to
their high metabolism,
twibbles eat ten times
their weight each day.
They've devoured the
world's entire food
supply!

What's worse, the twibble
fad is dead, and
Mylo's stuck with a planet
full of them.
^Congratulations, but your
quest for riches is not
yet complete.

You will need to fly the
Kiwi back to the perilous
Altair system and locate
entirely new crystal caves
to explore.

Will Mylo survive his next 
trip in the rattle-trap he
calls the Millennium Kiwi?

Will he survive the
diabolical new traps and
puzzles that await him?
^Can he succeed at his new
hair-brained get-rich
scheme?

And how will all of this
eventually lead to 
galaxy's largest burger 
franchise?

Order today and find out!^@