       INSTRUCTIONS

The goal in Crystal Caves
is to collect all the
crystals in each cave you
encounter. Once
accomplished, you may exit
the cave through the main
airlock.

You begin your adventure in
the main mineshaft, where
16 doors lead to the inner
caves.

You must complete all 16
caves, in any order you
choose.

^       INSTRUCTIONS

You'll encounter many
dangerous alien creatures
and hazards. You can avoid
these creatures, or blast
them with your rocket
pistol. Some creatures may
require several shots,
while others might need a
special weapon you'll find.

To pass through a colored
door, you will need to pull
the lever with the matching
color.

^       MYLO'S HEALTH

Mylo is given three lives
per every new mine he
enters. In other words,
Mylo can be hurt twice by
enemies or hazards, and on
the third injury, Mylo will
be required to restart the
level from the beginning.

Upon starting each new
level, Mylo's three lives
are shown as three hearts
on the status line.

^       TIMED EVENTS

Certain actions within the
game are activated for a
short span of time,
indicated by a timer on the
status line at the top of
the screen.

For example, grabbing the
power pill will turn Mylo's
gun into a super gun for a
short length of time. This
is indicated on the status
line between two asterisk
characters, i.e. *12*.

^      PLAYER CONTROLS

The controls are:

Walk Right  - Right D-Pad
Walk Left   - Left D-Pad
Jump        - A
Fire Pistol - B
Action Key  - B
Pause       - Start

The Action key is used to
pull levers and flip
switches, if you are in
front of them.

^     HINTS AND SECRETS

Bump your head into certain
platforms to find hidden
gems.

Most enemies have a
weakness that allows you to
defeat them.

Pause the game and write 
down the password shown.
Enter it next time you play 
to restore your progress.

Switches and levers are
very important. Pay
attention to what they do.

^     HINTS AND SECRETS

Clear colored blocks can be
shot away. Look for these,
as sometimes they block 
your path.

Some caves have different 
amounts of gravity, and 
many have reversed gravity!

Many times you can save
shots by jumping over
creatures.

Different shaped mushrooms
have different effects on
Mylo.^@