SHIP'S LOG - STARDATE 2121.04
-----------------------------

Personal Entry - Record On:

I've decided to fly into the
Altairian star system against
my better judgement. The
perilous caves of Altair are
my best hope of getting
enough cash for a down
payment on a twibble farm.

Press Any Key^
SHIP'S LOG - STARDATE 2121.04
-----------------------------

Personal Entry - continued...

With those furry twibbles now
the rage of the galaxy, I need
to get in now before the fad
fades. Twibbles might be the
biggest fad since Pet Mood
Slime!

Press Any Key^
SHIP'S LOG - STARDATE 2121.04
-----------------------------

Personal Entry - continued...

I just hope I can make it to
Altair.  The Kiwi is 11 light
years past its last oil
change, and the holographic
steering assembly seems to be
acting up.  I better steer
clear of anything big...

Personal Entry - Record Off

Press Any Key^@